♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
At long last,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled by
the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
freezing and burning halves.
There, they soon discover
the twisted motives
behind the ruler of the island,
the mad scientist Caesar Clown.
Aided by Trafalgar Law
and Vice Admiral Smoker,
they triumphed over
Caesar and his henchmen
in a climatic battle.
Bye Pirate guys and gals!
We'll miss you!
Thank you so much for
saving all of us!
[BIYO] When we grow up,
you know what we wanna be?
[DOLAN, BIYO, SYND]
Pirates like you!
Please don't!
Let's set sail!
[LAW]
Let's negotiate.
[DOFLAMINGO grunts]
[LAW] And what about your
business partner?
What's his name?
I keep forgetting.
That's right.
Kaido, King of the Beasts.
And one of the four Emperors.
[grunts]
[LAW] I wonder how he might
react after he finds out
you can't produce SMILE.
Who knows?
When it's over, you'll be gone.
Let's discuss the terms
like grown ups.
What do you want
to trade for Caesar?
Resign from the Seven Warlords.
That's all.
[DOFLAMINGO]
I'm gonna kill that brat!
[LUFFY] "The G-5 Wiped Out!
Doflamingo's Sudden Attack!"
[USOPP chuckles]
Good to see ya, Sunny, old pal.
Ya hanging in there?
The island has vanished
into the horizon.
Fire, ice and toxic gas.
Centaurs, G-5, and an
evil Vice Admiral.
Sheesh.
Good riddance to the
miserable hellhole.
I'm pretty sure it's par for
the course in the New World.
And y'know, I seriously
doubt it's gonna get easier.
[chuckles]
[CAESAR CLOWN] Ow, ow, c'mon,
do you have to be so rough?
[CHOPPER]
Oh, shut up, you baby.
To tell you the truth,
I'd rather be kicking
your butt right now.
Ow!
You're lucky I'm a
medical professional.
Duty first.
Just please try to be gentle,
ow, ow, ow, ow!
Ah... I get you asking about it,
and you're not the only one.
Everyone's worried
about the Mini-Merry.
[BROOK chuckles]
Oh, is that right?
You know it. In fact,
you're the eighth person
I've had to explain this to.
As I was sayin...
After we broke out, I went off
on my own to find the Sunny.
Huh? So that's where
they parked ya!
Not much of a hiding spot,
but you won't hear me complain.
--[rumbling]
--Huh?
Time to move, Sunny!
[FRANKY] I took the Sunny
up a channel by the lab
to get back out to the sea.
Then I circled back around to
the dock where we first landed
to retrieve the Mini-Merry.
After that, I circled back
again to find you guys.
Of course, I knew about the
toxic gas surrounding the lab,
so I had to bust out the
impervious General Franky.
[FRANKY]
Ooh...super!
Oh, yes, very fascinating.
So that's how our sweet,
little lamb came back
to us safe and sound.
Good story.
[laughs]
[KIN'EMON] Might we bother
you for a cup of tea?
[BROOK]
Huh? Oh, happy to share.
And here you are.
[KIN'EMON, MOMONOSUKE]
A piquant and aromatic blend.
[BROOK chuckles]
Well, I'm glad you enjoyed it.
So, has anyone asked you
two what you're doing
on board our ship, yet?
Yeah, that's right. All the
kids went with the Navy.
You guys are so quiet I didn't
even notice you were with us.
We are in the midst of a truly
grave and significant journey.
To get involved with the Navy...
Negotiating through their
red tape would surely
be a waste of time.
We shall depart
at the first island
with a harbor that
you come across.
In the meanwhile, though,
please let us stay on board.
[MOMONOSUKE]
Please!
Sure! No prob.
[SANJI]
Heh!
[CHOPPER, ROBIN giggle]
Why not?
You can reimburse us for
the travel fare later.
You're going to charge us?
Nami! What's the next
stop you've got charted?
Oh! Give me a second here.
[LAW] I've set the course.
There won't be any stops.
[NAMI]
Hm?
Straight to Dressrosa.
[MARINE A] You're sayin' the
gas didn't affect you at all?
Well, Vegapunk himself designed
these protective suits
and it turns out Caesar
Clown's evil brain
just ain't no match
for that guy's genius.
And Caesar knew that,
the bastard.
That's why he told the guys
out in the field that the suits
wouldn't do them any good.
[growls]
Listen to me!
You'll have to run for it!
Your suits won't protect you
and they'll just slow you down!
Quickly, take them off!
And then run to the lab!
As fast as you can!
[SUBORDINATE B]
What? Well, if you say so!
Help, Master!
That evil S.O.B got a whole ton
of our friends petrified.
[MARINE B]
Let's move out!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[MARINES grunting]
[MARINE B] Everyone who got
gassed is still alive.
If Caesar's telling the truth,
we can rescue them.
[MARINE B] Even though
they're paralyzed in the shells,
they're just in a
coma-like state.
[MARINE C] But still,
we've only got 12 hours
to find them before the
poison does kill them.
[MARINE B] So any gas statue
you find, bust it wide open!
[MARINE B] We're gonna
save every last one of 'em!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[laughs]
Thank you, sir.
You're a good man, lettin' us
come back onto the island
to search for our friends.
[exhales]
I'll never forget you and
what you've done for us.
As soon as I find my
followers and save 'em,
I promise I'll come back
and turn myself in.
I know ya will cuz
this is the only exit.
Get movin' already.
Right!
[SMOKER]
Heh.
--[MARINES chatter]
--[SMOKER] Huh?
[MARINE FF] Never dealt with
anything like this before.
What the hell do we do with 'em?
[MARINE GG] Well, they're some
kinda pirates, right?
[MARINE C] I don't know,
but they're creepin' me out.
Eh?
Is that somethin'
flyin' right at us?
What?
It looks like severed heads!
No. That's impossible.
[MARINES chatter]
[MARINE EE gasps]
Holy crap, you was right!
[MARINE D]
Those are heads!
What the hell?
[BUFFALO grunts]
[BABY 5 grunts]
[MARINES gasp]
[gasps]
This is not good.
What? No way.
Wait. I know you.
D-Doflamingo!
[PIKE]
The Warlord?
[MARINES murmur]
[MARINES gasp]
[chuckles]
[MARINES grunting]
He's usin' the Conqueror's Haki!
[MARINE II]
But why? You're on our side!
'Cuz this isn't about you.
Their ship is gone.
You're a Warlord! What're ya
doin' attackin' the Navy?
[DOFLAMINGO] The pirates
had to have shipped out
within the last hour
or two at most.
Now tell me where they went.
How dare you attack our guys!
Don't do it, you damn fools!
Ha...! Ha!
What? My fingers are
movin' on their own!
What's happenin' to me?
[MARINE K grunts]
Hey, why the hell're ya
pointin' yer gun at me?
Me? Why are you?
Get away! I can't
control my body!
[DOFLAMINGO]
I can understand Law,
but the Straw Hat are
nothin' more than upstarts.
[gasps]
Please! Don't do it!
Why would you
bastards let them go?
Tell me where they went!
[MARINES groan]
Please, just let me live.
[yells]
Answer my question.
[MARINE N groans]
Tell me which direction those
asshole amateurs
went or you die!
[MARINE N groans]
Stop! What're you talking about?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hmph... Heh!
Fine. See ya in hell
That's enough.
You messed with my soldiers,
now you're gonna have
to deal with me!
[chuckles]
[MARINE O grunts]
Be careful, sir.
[SMOKER]
Huh?
[MARINES grunting, coughing]
There you are, Smoker.
You should be able to
tell me which direction
those punks went.
[grunts]
After we leave here,
I'm thinking about
heading over to Green Bit.
Nope. I've got no idea...
...Joker.
We almost caught 'em,
but they got away.
I doubt base commander Vergo's
gonna be happy with me.
We both know that he's dead.
[growls]
[DOFLAMINGO] And that means you
know far too much for my taste.
Ha!
[DOFLAMINGO laughs]
[SMOKER grunts]
Take this!
[laughs]
[SMOKER shouts]
[chuckles]
[SMOKER]
Huh?
[laughs]
[grunts]
This is pointless.
[SMOKER grunts]
[SMOKER pants]
[MARINE P]
He's outmatched!
The pink feathered freak
keeps hitting him
with all his weird ass
Devil Fruit powers!
[MARINE JJ]
Nah, he can take him!
Why ain't he usin' his club
with the Sea Prism tip?
One quick stab
from that thing'll
shut down all his
Devil Fruit crap!
[pants]
[VERGO]
Demon Bamboo!
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO] You don't
have what it would take
to actually kill me.
[MARINES gasp]
[grunts]
Stop struggling and
die with some dignity.
--Smoker!
--I won't stand here
and let him kill you!
[MARINES shout]
Oh, good, you're all lining
up for the slaughter.
[MARINES yell]
[SMOKER]
Stay back!
[MARINES gasp]
Ha!
[SMOKER shouts]
[MARINES]
Smokey, no!
[SMOKER grunts]
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINES]
Vice Admiral!
[LUFFY]
So is Dressrosa cool, or what?
[LAW]
We're not sightseeing.
We have important
business there.
Wait! The Dressrosa?
[LUFFY] What about it?
You know the place?
Yes! as a matter of fact,
that is the exact
destination that we,
or rather, I was
hoping to reach.
That is your
destination as well?
Sure! Or I guess so.
You have no idea
what's going on, huh?
Nope!
[LAW graons]
[NAMI gasps]
[NAMI]
Why is the current shifting?
[CREW shouts]
What the hell is going on?
[CREW]
Are we on a slope?
[LUFFY]
Woo-hoo!
[laughs] Oh, man!
We're movin' crazy fast!
Look out for reefs
while you're up there!
[USOPP] Can anyone explain
what's happening here?
[LAW] We're on a sea hill.
It's not uncommon.
[USOPP]
Yes it is!
[LAW] It's best if we don't try
to go against the current.
The middle needle on your Log
Pose should be pointing us
in the exact direction
of Dressrosa.
But don't steer us
straight there.
We'll want to take
a roundabout way.
[NAMI]
Why's that?
Just trust me.
It'll work out best for us.
Is this guy always such
a know-it-all smart ass?
Here's something
I've been wondering.
I saw you talking to someone on
the Transponder Snail earlier.
Why don't you
tell us who it was.
It was Doflamingo.
Doflamingo?!
You mean the Warlord?
He's the most evil one,
why talk to him?
The plan's in action,
so there's no backing out.
What plan? Wanna fill us in?
Yeah, let's tell 'em
about the plan!
Gather round, everybody!
[CREW] You formed an alliance to
kill one of the Four Emperors?
Y'know, this plan?
It's pretty great.
It's not great!
That's a super ambitious
goal right there.
Wait, wait, everyone just
calm down for a minute!
Alright, Luffy. Can you
explain this alliance to us?
Sure thing! Our crew is teamin'
up with Traffy's pirate crew
to do stuff, so let's
all try to get along.
[LUFFY chuckles]
[USOPP]
All against this idea? Me!
--Me!
Do you really think
that's gonna make
any sort of difference?
[USOPP gulps]
[SANJI] You know what happens
once Luffy's made up his mind.
Thank you, Sanji.
I'll give ya a word of warning.
Try not to act too surprised if
it turns out there's a bit of a
difference in how you and Luffy
define the term "alliance".
You've been warned.
[LAW grunts]
At least the whole kidnapping
thing makes sense now,
considering it's
not Luffy's style.
Usually if he'd brought this
weird sheep onboard,
I would've assumed he wanted
me to throw it in a pot
and cook it up for him.
[CAESAR CLOWN laughs] Do you
simpletons honestly believe
that you're going to get
way with this madness?
You're about to have some
of the most powerful names
in the world hunting you down.
You pea-brained savages!
Your stupidity
will be your death!
There's a special
place in hell for--
[groans]
[CHOPPER] Not cool, Sanji!
I'm still treating him!
Wait 'til I'm done!
[SANJI]
What, and then it's okay?
You guys executed
stage one of the plan
when I asked you to kidnap
Caesar on Punk Hazard.
And while you were doing that,
I destroyed the machine
manufacturing the
chemical S.A.D.
Most of the great pirates
in the New World
rule over their own territories,
governed by their subordinates.
They've got a countless
number of followers
and they reign over all like an
enormous criminal syndicate.
It's nothing like anything any
of you have dealt with before.
Trying to take them down
with a single pirate crew
won't even get you close enough
to see their captain's face.
With that said, they still
have to operate underground.
All of their deals are
carried out in secret.
It's the only way they can
safely avoid Naval attention.
And the most trusted among them,
the one with easily the
most power and influence,
is Doflamingo.
His underground alias is Joker.
And out of all of Joker's
business deals,
he's got one client who's
more important than the rest.
His biggest spender...
...is one of the
Four Emperors.
Kaido, the King of the Beasts.
[LAW] And there you have it.
That's our target.
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE KK]
Please leave him alone!
[MARINE LL]
He's on his last leg!
[SMOKER pants]
[MARINE MM] Ya can't take
him from us, please!
We're nothin' but
a bunch of misfits!
He's the only one who has
faith in us! We'll be finished!
Oh, don't you worry.
[MARINES gasp]
[DOFLAMINGO] Much as I wish
I could, I can't read minds.
So every last one of you might
know more than you should.
And not just you. Same goes
for Law and the Straw Hat.
The whole island, too.
So I'll just have
to kill you all!
[MARINES gasp]
Really, that's not necessary!
Hold on there.
[MARINES gasp]
[AOKIJI]
Pardon me for the intrusion.
[shouts]
[AOKIJI] I'm afraid I
need you to step aside.
[MARINES]
What?
[SMOKER groans, coughs]
[breathes heavily]
[AOKIJI] That man you
intend on killing right there.
He's an old friend of mine.
[NARRATOR] Just when the end
looks in sight for Smoker,
Aokiji, A.K.A. Kuzan,
intervenes and a new battle
ensues between the former Navy
powerhouse and the Warlord!
As tensions threaten to
reach a boiling point
for the two mighty warriors,
Aokiji causes a major stir
with a single utterance!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Intense!
Aokiji vs. Doflamingo!"
I'm going to be
King of the Pirates!